
General Information
  This is the algorithm for a program that given the clock in time,
  clock out time and any breaks will calculate the amount of time worked.
  This program stores the time internally as minutes since midnight (0:00),
  because of this there are three formula's used to convert time into this format
  and then out to hours and minutes. These are the following formulas:
  
  Converting from a time in Hours:Minutes format:
    (Hours * 60) + Minutes = time
  Converting from minutes since midnight to minutes in the hour:
    time % 60 = minutes
  Converting from minutes since midnight to get the hour:
    floor(time / 60) = hours
Steps
  Step 1 - Welcome the user
    1. Print out general information about the program to the user
  Step 2 - Prompt user for the clock in time
    1. Print out a message prompting the user to enter when the shift started.
    2. Repeat back the entered time and ask the user if the entered value is correct.
    3. If the user says "no" repeat step 2, otherwise continue
    4. Take the entered value and use the (Hours * 60) + Minutes equation and store that value in the clock variable.
  Step 3 - Prompt user for if there was another break
    1. Ask the user if there are any breaks to be inputted
    2. If the user said "no" move to step 5, otherwise continue
    3. move to step 4
  Step 4 - Handle a new Break
    1. Prompt user for the break start time
    2. Prompt user for the break end time
    3. Ask the user if the inputted times are correct
    4. If not, repeat this step, otherwise, continue
    5. Calculate time difference. Store the result to the variable holding the total time spent in breaks, using the same conversion equation (Hours * 60) + Minutes
  Step 5 - Handle clock out
    1. Prompt user for the clock out time
    2. Ask the user if the inputted time is correct
    3. If not, repeat this step
    4. Otherwise use the conversion equation to store the time inputted
  Step 6 - Calculate and print time report
    1. Get the difference between the clock in and clock out variables
    2. Print out the time worked without taking breaks into account, using the two conversion formulas to get the hours and minutes into an easily printable form
    3. Subtract the total time spent in a break from the total time
    4. Print the result of the last substep using the two conversion formulas to get the hours and minutes into an easily printable form
  Step 7 - Terminate The Program
    1. Exit the program
